
--- Page 1 ---
Aditya Kawale  adityakawale995@gmail.com   |   (+91)   9637534250   |  linkedin.com/ in/a ditya - k awale |   github.com/adiii725  Skills  Technical   Skills  •   Java  •   Data science  •   Python  •   SQL  Education  Pillai HOC College of Engineering and Technology ,  BE in Computer Engineering  •   Rasayani  Soft   Skills  •   Problem   Solving  •   Team   Collaboration  •   Adaptability  •   Communication  202 3   –   present  J.S.M Jr.college   ,   HSC   in   Science   77.00%   202 1   –   202 3  •   Alibag,Raigad  Indian Education Society   School   ,   SSC   92.40%   202 1  •   Alibag,Raigad  Projects  Academic Evaluation System: Web - based student performance and placement  management portal  • Developed a role - based web application to manage student marks, attendance, and placement eligibility.  • Implemented three user roles   —   Admin, Faculty, and Student   —   for secure and structured data access.  • Faculty can manage academic records and evaluate placement readiness based on CGPI and extracurricular  activities.  • Students can log in to view performance reports and placement qualification status.  DocuFree: AI - powered document simplification and accessibility platform  • Designed an intelligent system to simplify complex documents for better accessibility and inclusion.  • Integrated OCR to extract text from PDFs and images for AI processing.  • Utilized Google’s Gemini AI and NLP for summarization, term simplification, translation, and Q&A interaction.  • Incorporated Text - to - Speech for visually impaired users and export options for formatted PDF output.  Certifications:  •   J ava   programming   :   c ompleted by 2025   (   Aptech   panvel )  •   Data science   :   currently pursuing   ( code w ith harry )  Hobbies  Culinary   Exploration:   Always   eager   to   experiment   with   new   technologies,   and   learning new coding   techniques.  Sports:   Passionate   about   physical   health   and   sports   like   Kabaddi   and   Cricket.  Motivated and detail - oriented computer engineering student witih knowledge of java and python,currently pursuing Data  Science.Passionate   about developing innovative solutions like document automation and student systems.Seeking an  opportunity to apply my technical skills and contribute effectively to organizational growth
